Cse entity rel graph (#1804)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/about-cse-insight-ui.md

The **Entities** tab includes two views, the **list** view and the **graph** view. Both views start with the same list of Related Entities. However, the **graph** view can show additional Entity relationships extending "outside" of the Insight. 

#### About the Entities tab list view

The screenshot below shows the **Entities** tab **list** view for an Insight.

![related-entities.png](/img/cse/related-entities.jpg)

In this view, the primary Entity is always displayed first. (This is the Entity common to each of the Signals in the Insight). Below the primary Entity all of the related Entities are listed.

The related Entities fall into two categories. The category, sometimes referred to as _Involved Entities_, are those Entities that aren't the primary Entity but are listed in one or more Records in the Signal(s) in the Insight. So, for example, while the primary Entity for an insight could be a username, a Record in one of the Signals in that Insight could also include an IP address. That address would be included in this list.

> Other Entities could be included due to _Detected Entity Relationships_. For each Entity in the Insight — including the primary Entity and other involved Entities — CSE searches for other Entities that seem to be related (across all Records, not just that Insight's). This search is run across a time range that corresponds to the span of time during which there was activity on the Insight. So, for example, if the first Record in an Insight was created at 8 am on Wednesday and the last Record at 10pm on Friday, CSE might detect that the IP address listed in the Insight was associated with a specific hostname (in another record) at that point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other Entities could be included due to _Detected Entity Relationships_. For each Entity in the Insight — including the primary Entity and other involved Entities — CSE searches for other Entities that seem to be related (across all Records, not just that Insight's). This search is run across a time range that corresponds to the span of time during which there was activity on the Insight. So, for example, if the first Record in an Insight was created at 8 AM on Wednesday and the last Record at 10 PM on Friday, CSE might detect that the IP address listed in the Insight was associated with a specific hostname (in another record) at that point. 
```
